README.md, before:

# 📦 Wikipedia Infobox Builder

Wikipedia Infobox Builder is a **React application** that allows you to create custom Wikipedia-style infoboxes with live editing and preview support.  
It includes support for text fields, images, links, lists, dates, and prebuilt templates (e.g., Political Office, Personal Details, Military Service).

---

## ✨ Features

- 🖱️ **Drag and drop** fields from the sidebar into your wikibox.
- 📝 **Editable fields**:
  - Text
  - Single line text
  - Subheaders
  - Images (with optional captions)
  - Dates
  - Lists & Tree Lists
  - Links
  - Groups (with collapsible children)
- 📄 **Prebuilt templates** for:
  - Political Office
  - Personal Details
  - Military Service
- 🔄 **Reorder fields** inside or outside groups.
- 👀 **Live preview** of your wikibox as you build it.
- 🎨 **Simple styling hooks** with `WikiboxBuilderPreview.css` and `WikiboxBuilderField.css`.
- **Styling text**:
  - Wrap text in \* (asterisks) to turn it link blue
  - Wrap text in '' (double apostrophes) to turn it *italics*
  - Wrap text in ''' (triple apostrophes) to turn it **bold**
  - Wrap text in ^{} (triple apostrophes) to turn it to ˢᵘᵖᵉʳˢᶜʳⁱᵖᵗ

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/wikibox-builder.git
cd wikibox-builder
```

### 2. Install dependency

```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Run the development server

```bash
npm start
```

This will start your React app on <http://localhost:3000>.

## Run globally

Go to <https://wikibox-builder.netlify.app/>.

Commit message:

allowed user to add increase and decrease icons

README.md, after:

# 📦 Wikipedia Infobox Builder

Wikipedia Infobox Builder is a **React application** that allows you to create custom Wikipedia-style infoboxes with live editing and preview support.  
It includes support for text fields, images, links, lists, dates, and prebuilt templates (e.g., Political Office, Personal Details, Military Service).

---

## ✨ Features

- 🖱️ **Drag and drop** fields from the sidebar into your wikibox.
- 📝 **Editable fields**:
  - Text
  - Single line text
  - Subheaders
  - Images (with optional captions)
  - Dates
  - Lists & Tree Lists
  - Links
  - Groups (with collapsible children)
- 📄 **Prebuilt templates** for:
  - Political Office
  - Personal Details
  - Military Service
- 🔄 **Reorder fields** inside or outside groups.
- 👀 **Live preview** of your wikibox as you build it.
- 🎨 **Simple styling hooks** with `WikiboxBuilderPreview.css` and `WikiboxBuilderField.css`.
- **Styling text**:
  - Wrap text in \* (asterisks) to turn it link blue
  - Wrap text in '' (double apostrophes) to turn it *italics*
  - Wrap text in ''' (triple apostrophes) to turn it **bold**
  - Wrap text in ^{} (triple apostrophes) to turn it to ˢᵘᵖᵉʳˢᶜʳⁱᵖᵗ
  - Put {{increase}} to turn it to ▲
  - Put {{decrease}} to turn it to ▼

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/wikibox-builder.git
cd wikibox-builder
```

### 2. Install dependency

```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Run the development server

```bash
npm start
```

This will start your React app on <http://localhost:3000>.

## Run globally

Go to <https://wikibox-builder.netlify.app/>.
